caf: ble_adv: Fix filter accept list issues (#8299)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

* :ref:`caf_ble_adv`:

  * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_BLE_ADV_FILTER_ACCEPT_LIST` Kconfig option.

>     The option is used instead of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FILTER_ACCEPT_LIST` to control filter accept list feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The option is used instead of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FILTER_ACCEPT_LIST` option to enable the filter accept list.
```
